.TH ginfo 1 "APRIL 2013" "Version 1.0.2" "ginfo manual"
.SH NAME
ginfo \- fetch service information
.SH SYNOPSIS
ginfo [options] Object [attribute_to_filter='value of the attribute'] [attribute_to_display]
.SH DESCRIPTION
List attributes corresponding to an object. By default, all the attributes of an object are 
displayed.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB-H, --host\fP     \fIhost\fP"
Specify a host to query. By default the environmental variable LCG_GFAL_INFOSYS
will be used.
.IP "\fB-b, --bind\fP     \fIbinding\fP"
Specify the binding (o=glue by default).
.IP "\fB-l, --list\fP     \fIattribute\fP"
List all the possible values of the specified attribute.
.IP "\fB-c, --csv\fP"
Output in CSV formating
.IP "\fB-j, --json\fP"
Output in JSON formating
.IP "\fB-t, --timeout\fP"
Change the ldap timeout (15 seconds by default).
.IP "\fB-v, --verbose\fP"
Enable verbose mode
.IP "\fB-V, --version\fP"
Print the version of ginfo
.IP "\fB-h, --help\fP"
Print this helpful message
.PP
.SH OBJECTS AND CORRESPONDING ATTRIBUTES
.IP "\fBAdminDomain:\fP"
\fIID, Description.\fP
.IP "\fBComputingManager:\fP"
\fIID, ProductName, ProductVersion, ServiceID.\fP
.IP "\fBComputingShare:\fP"
\fIID, MaxCPUTime, MaxWallTime, ServingState,\fP
\fIExecutionEnvironmentForeignKey, RunningJobs, WaitingJobs.\fP
.IP "\fBEndpoint:\fP"
\fIID, URL, Capability, InterfaceName, InterfaceVersion, Implementor,\fP
\fIImplementationVersion, QualityLevel, HealthState, ServingState,\fP
\fIServiceForeignKey.\fP
.IP "\fBExecutionEnvironment:\fP"
\fIID, OSName, ConnectivityOut, MainMemorySize, VirtualMemorySize.\fP
.IP "\fBLocation:\fP"
\fIID, Country, Latitude, Longitude.\fP
.IP "\fBMappingPolicy:\fP"
\fIID, Scheme, Rule, ComputingShareID.\fP
.IP "\fBService:\fP"
\fIID, Capability, Type, QualityLevel, StatusInfo, AdminDomainID.\fP
.PP

.SH OUTPUT FORMAT

.PP
Standard output for an Endpoint:
    HealthState: Value
    Implementor: Value
    InterfaceName: Value
    ServingState: Value
    URL: Value
    ImplementationVersion: Value
    Capability: Value
    ServiceForeignKey: Value
    QualityLevel: Value
    ID: Value
    InterfaceVersion: Value
.br
.PP
JSON output for an Endpoint:
    [... "Value_of_the_ID": {
    "HealthState": Value,
    "Implementor": Value,
    "InterfaceName": Value,
    "ServingState": Value,
    "URL": Value,
    "ImplementationVersion": Value,
    "Capability": Value,
    "ServiceForeignKey": Value,
    "QualityLevel": Value,
    "ID": Value,
    "InterfaceVersion": Value}, ...]
.br
.PP
CSV output for an Endpoint:
    HealthState,Implementor,InterfaceName,ServingState,URL,
    ImplementationVersion,Capability,ServiceForeignKey,QualityLevel,
    ID,InterfaceVersion

.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "1) List all information for all Endpoint attributes"
ginfo --host bdii.example.com Endpoint

.IP "2) Use the host from the LCG_GFAL_INFOSYS environment variable and list all Location countries"
export LCG_GFAL_INFOSYS=bdii.example.com:2170
.br
ginfo Location country

.IP "3) List all the Service types"
ginfo -l Type Service

.IP "4) List all IDs from Endpoint which have 'org.glite.FileTransfer' as name of Interface"
ginfo Endpoint InterfaceName=org.glite.FileTransfer ID

.IP "5) Show the version too"
ginfo Endpoint InterfaceName=org.glite.FileTransfer ID InterfaceVersion

.IP "6) Show all available information about these Endpoints"
ginfo Endpoint InterfaceName=org.glite.FileTransfer

.IP "7) Export to CSV"
ginfo --csv Endpoint InterfaceName=org.glite.FileTransfer

.SH AUTHOR
Ivan Calvet <ivan.calvet at cern dot ch>
